Admin Dashboard 
- Site Content: Membership Section - Failed to Save Content
- Site Content: Need to have a toggle to hide a section, because currently its showing the construction status, but once its completed we should be able to hide it. Similarly, we have a careers link given in the footer, showing it on the homepage should be an option. 
- Site Content: Should have an option to create a new section, layout of the section, placements & text, what to integrate headings, text, CTA (with option to attach a the website URL). Should have the option to reorder content in the section. 
- Site Content: Need to add a youtube logo & in the Subsection "Social Media Links" it should have a hide toggle option. 

There is CMS only for the homepage? What about the other pages we have created? 

Site Images - still not seeded.... 

Facilities Section and Membership & Pricing Sections on the Homepage - Rather than having it all laid out with details, maybe just a carousel of the one image block & one text block, floating in continuity. (the text block should just have like 1-4 words). 

There are multiple CTAs on the website which have a broken link. Some will be removed after the above task is done, some will be rewired. MAKE SURE TO HAVE THEM AS CMS ADDITION. 

/contact page still not fixed... 

No way to edit address, phone, email, operating hours, follow us. The Frequently Asked has 4 question, but clicking on them get you redirected rather than showing the answer.. 

Please review each page thoroughly. 

Facility Addons - they are mentioned on the /facilities/x Page,. 
But they are not added in the CMS, nor at in the booking console

The time slots are not dynamic, they are all at a 60mins gap, if someone's going for a 90min booking, they should time slots with 90mins gap and similarly for 120mins bookings. 
AND ARE ALL TIME SLOT BOOKINGS LINKED TO REALTIME? if one person books its, any other visitor wont be able to book it - right? 

/Booking Console - Events & Academy, Still cannot Register = Registration Failed 50o error.
/Booking Console - My Profile = Credit Balance, Hours Played, Guest Passes, Days Advance, Membership Discount, Booking Window, Certifications & Waivers - ARE THEY ALL DB CONTROLLED? 

/Events - Cannot Register - Registration Failed 500

/Careers - Apply Now -> Submit Application = Submission Failed 500 Error
/Careers - Send Your CV -> Submit Application = Submission Failed 500 Error

CTAs
- Create Account = 404 Error?

Also you did not add options in the CMS to upload a Logo File. or What type, Format & Size of Logo file is required for the whole website. 